Overdrive
In the frothy waters of freight broker-heavy LinkedIn, though, an all-out feeding frenzy erupted. "So, shipper tenders load to Broker 1. Broker 1 gives load to Uber platform.

CCJ
Freight industry combats double-brokering scams that are up over 100% coming out of the 4th quarter of 2022 and into the 1st quarter of 2023. Details on CCJ. Trucks ...

Yahoo Finance
In Q2 2023, 85% of respondents to a survey — consisting notably of freight brokers and carriers — were impacted by double brokering. That financial impact to their spend was steep, with nearly ...

Transport Topics
Double-brokering — when a carrier accepts a load and then illegally re-brokers it to another carrier — is on the rise, ... Today, about 30% of freight is moved in the spot market.

JD Supra
Double Brokering and Hostage Load Action Plan: ... The codified statute at 49 USC § 14916 states that conducting regulated freight broker activities without a license is unlawful.

Fleet Owner
A new TIA task force joins a final FMCSA rulemaking this month that clarifies broker and 'bona fide agent' definitions to combat freight fraud and the practice of double brokering, which ...


Two senior land officials have testified in a case where three businessmen are accused of conspiring to fraudulently acquire ...

Citizen Digital
Two senior land officials have testified in a case where three businessmen are accused of conspiring to fraudulently acquire ...

Yahoo
Freight fraud and cargo theft have reached crisis levels, but recent FMCSA identity verification measures are chipping away at fraudulent registrations. Proactive enforcement and innovative tech ...

Business Wire
DAT Freight & Analytics selects Verosint to combat account fraud within the DAT online marketplace. Within 90 days, Verosint blocked 49K attacks.

Truckinginfo
With the explosive growth of the freight market during the COVID-19 pandemic, cargo theft and fraud surged. Thieves stole more than $31 million in shipments just in the third quarter of 2023.


The investigation has revealed a well-planned network used to undervalue and wrongly declare branded luxury furniture.

Wall Street Journal
Freight fraud is spreading across trucking networks as tech-savvy operators impersonating middlemen skim off payments for shipping goods that can total thousands of dollars, industry executives say.


Verisk CargoNet recorded 884 cargo thefts during the second quarter with a total loss value of more than $61.5 million. Also: ...


Trackonomy reports cargo theft is a rising issue in supply chains, costing billions while advanced technology helps combat ...

6abc News
cargo theft news stories - get the latest updates from 6abc. ... Where's the beef? 400 cases of meat stolen in cargo truck heist . Thieves make off with $30K worth of snow crab in latest cargo heist .

Philly meat heist: Suspects sought after 40 boxes of beef stolen from truck
Philadelphia police are looking for a couple of beef bandits, who they say ransacked a tractor trailer early Sunday morning.

CBS News
An Exclusive Look at Cargo Thieves, Whose Theft of Billions in Everything From Sneakers to Viagra Forces Us All to Pay More. ... Grand Theft Cargo: See A Truck Get Stolen in :30.

4 Arizona men busted with semi-truck cargo theft of over $3 million - MSN
4 Arizona men arrested for semi-truck cargo theft . Police officers noticed a gold semi-truck that he recognized from a previous theft. It was sitting at the Truck Park on Broadway Road near 32nd ...

USA Today
Light trucks accounted for 79.2% of all new vehicles sold [last year], reports the National Automobile Dealers Association. Ford’s F-Series, specifically, comes out on top.

Truck News
In Canada alone, over the last five years, thefts of trucks, trailers, and cargo loads in Canada have totaled over $531 million in value, with $239 million still unrecovered, according to the cargo ...

Federal Register
SUMMARY: The Federal Trade Commission (FTC or Commission) requests public comment on its proposal to amend the trade regulation rule entitled Rule on Impersonation of Government and Businesses ...

Opinion
Crime is not just retail smash-and-grabs these days. It increasingly features a highly organized effort: cargo theft. And ...


Crime is not just retail smash-and-grabs these days. It increasingly features a highly organized effort: cargo theft. And ...

Fox News
Identity theft has become so commonplace that it no longer shocks you to hear about the latest scam. As normalized as identity theft has become, identity thieves are getting savvier and more ...

AZ Central
Keeping your guard up against fraud, scams and identity theft is a full-time pursuit. The threats extend from divulging too much personal information to having your tax refund stolen.

Forbes
While identity theft and fraud are related, they’re not equivalent, which means that relying solely on PII and credit bureau data to verify someone is who they say they are is a dangerous ...

WRAL
Consumers need to be diligent and aware in order to protect themselves from the threat of scams like identity theft. Learn about red flags you need to know today. Posted 2024-02-08T20:39:33+00:00 ...

Newsweek
Why It Matters. The Federal Trade Commission (), said it received 2.6 million reports of fraud last year, and that nationwide fraud losses topped $10 billion in 2023.What To Know. To determine ...

JournalofAccountancy
The IRS explained that taxpayers who have been victims of this scam do not need to file a Form 14039, Identity Theft Affidavit, with the IRS reporting an incorrect Form 1099-G. The identity theft ...

Freight fraud surges, driving up costs - MSN
Freight fraud is on the rise and driving up insurance and transportation costs.. WATCH CHANNEL 9 EYEWITNESS NEWS “You can have a load of anything stolen,” said Curtis Adams, an account ...


After lots of talk about cracking down on "illegal brokering," DOT clarifies that the broker transparency rulemaking is a ...


New medical card rules causing confusion? A new FMCSA waiver offers temporary relief from electronic transmission ...

Benzinga.com
The off-site audit has been growing in use by FMCSA, which conducted nearly 1,000 off-site audits through November 2019, an almost 400% over according to federal audit data.

Houston Chronicle
The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration and the Surface Transportation Board are the two federal agencies under the United States Department of Transportation that administer the rules ...


New legislation would allow positive results from hair testing to be reported to FMCSA. Find out why carriers want to have ...

Land Line
New legislation would allow positive results from hair testing to be reported to FMCSA. Find out why carriers want to have ...


There have been spikes in theft and fraud across inland states, with electronics and household goods among top targets.

Fleet Equipment Magazine
There have been spikes in theft and fraud across inland states, with electronics and household goods among top targets.

NBC 10 Philadelphia
In 2024, Verisk CargoNet recorded 3,798 incidents of cargo theft, representing a 26% increase over 2023. Total reported losses topped nearly $455 million, according to Verisk CargoNet, but ...

Security
According to the “U.S. Annual Cargo Theft Report” recently published by FreightWatch International, the number of reported cargo thefts throughout the nation actually decreased in 2014 by 12 ...

NBC DFW
Numerous experts who spoke to CNBC estimate losses from cargo theft are close to $1 billion or more a year.

TechCrunch
Convoy, the Seattle-based digital freight network that connects truckers with shippers, is shuttering its Atlanta office and laying off workers as part of a restructuring. This is the third time ...

Reuters
Item 1 of 7 People bow their heads in prayer as part of a rally at Hagerstown Speedway held by activists from a convoy that traveled across the country headed to Washington D.C. to protest ...

Chicago Tribune
Uber Freight, which opened a sprawling new headquarters in Chicago 15 months ago, has laid off 150 people. The layoffs amount to 3% of the freight business’s workforce, the company confirmed.

Crain's Chicago Business
The layoffs at Uber Freight are the latest to hit the tech sector, including cuts announced today by SAP and IBM. SAP said it's cutting 3,000 jobs, or about 2.5% of its workforce.

NBC New York
Uber Freight has had its own challenges this year. In February, it issued a bearish outlook on the freight market after the company cut approximately 150 jobs, 3% of its workforce.The company had ...

Gizmodo
With that, Uber doesn’t appear to be in dire straits, but the company did conduct layoffs in its Uber Freight division. On Tuesday January 24, Uber announced it would be laying off about 150 ...

Fox Business
Uber announced layoffs for about a third of its global marketing department in July — 400 workers out of a 1,200-person team. ... some with the ride-hailing unit but most working on Freight.

The Verge
Uber announced an additional round of layoffs, this time from its product and engineering teams. A total of 435 people were let go, or around 8 percent of the ride-hailing company’s entire ...

Business Insider
Uber employed 28,600 global employees — 16,200 outside the United States — as of March 31, it said in an its last quarterly report filed to the SEC on May 8. The 3,700 jobs cut earlier this ...

Business Insider
Employees included in the Uber Freight layoffs will be granted departure packages. That includes severance, as well as extended healthcare and a bonus payment for their work in 2022.

Seattle Times
Convoy, the Seattle-based, Bezos-backed freight brokerage that closed last week, may sell its technology to a logistics startup, ... Flexport announced layoffs of around 20% of its workforce, ...


When is trucking going to get out of the 'sluggish morass' when it comes to freight and rates? The analysts at FTR shared ...


Most operational costs in for-hire trucking continued to climb in 2024 while rates stagnated, pushing margins down, according ...

St. Louis Post-Dispatch
There has been an unexpectedly sharp downturn in demand to truck everything from food to furniture since the beginning of March. U.S. trucking downturn foreshadows possible economic gloom Skip to ...

Nasdaq
ANALYSIS-U.S. trucking downturn foreshadows possible ... The share of freight handled by the U.S. spot trucking market roughly doubled after consumer spending on durable goods surged some 20% ...

Orange County Register
Trucking firm Yellow’s collapse leaves freight ... As companies such as FedEx Corp. and Old Dominion Freight Line Inc. compete to absorb the freight, the reduction in excess capacity may ...

Crude Oil Prices
Compared to 2019 (pre-pandemic), from mid-December 2022, the operating capacity on North Europe-North America East Coast will shift from being roughly at the same level as in 2019 to being 20% higher.


Rising freight demand combined with a persistent shortage of truck drivers is pushing the U.S.'s logistics sector to the ...

Flightglobal
IATA figures show collapse of air-freight demand in April. By Cirium 2020-06-02T16:21:00+01:00. ... Total capacity was cut 42% in April, though there was a 15% rise in dedicated freighter capacity.

Inland Valley Daily Bulletin
One of the most prominent names in US short-haul trucking is poised to fade away, leaving billions of dollars in business up for grabs in a weakened freight market. Yellow Corp., which hauls about ...


Breaking down the new broker liability case in the Appeals Court and LTL classification changes get paused. The post Check ...


As part of its effort to combat double brokering, the DOT said it is reviewing the 2024 broker transparency proposal.

Manager of Jamaica-based freight shipping company indicted for ... - MSN
A manager for a Jamaica-based international freight forwarding company operating out of JFK International Airport was indicted by a federal grand jury for her alleged involvement in a scheme to ...

Law
In a Jan. 3 opinion, the circuit court affirmed the trial court's decision granting summary judgment to a freight broker C.H. Robinson Worldwide, which arranged the delivery of a shipment.


A group of men have been found guilty of at least 10 interstate cargo thefts that resulted in the loss of over $5 million ...

Opinion
Highly organized criminal enterprises are a serious threat to our economy and national security. Congress must act now to ...


Highly organized criminal enterprises are a serious threat to our economy and national security. Congress must act now to ...


Trackonomy reports cargo theft is a rising issue in supply chains, costing billions while advanced technology helps combat ...

Richmond Times-Dispatch
Trackonomy reports cargo theft is a rising issue in supply chains, costing billions while advanced technology helps combat ...

The Hill
Cargo theft is a growing epidemic in the US, with criminal rings exploiting weaknesses in digital infrastructure and low enforcement, and Congress must act to pass the Combating Organized Retail Cr… ...


Reliance Partners joined with sponsors and expert speakers to host another successful freight industry event. This two-day ...

Daimler Truck Unit Says Bankrupt Kal Freight Owes It Millions ... - MSN
The arm of truck and bus maker Daimler Truck that provides financing to commercial vehicle owners said Kal Freight owes Daimler about $139 million in debt secured by titles to 1,625 tractors and ...


Trackonomy reports cargo theft is a rising issue in supply chains, costing billions while advanced technology helps combat ...


Trackonomy reports cargo theft is a rising issue in supply chains, costing billions while advanced technology helps combat ...

Tech.co
How to Protect Your Cargo From Theft. The last thing you want this 4th of July is to have to deal with the threat of cargo theft. Still, there are some proactive measures you can take before the ...

Logistics Management
What’s more, in regard to the issue of broker transparency, TIA observed that during the pandemic—the last time broker transparency was debated—the National Consumer Complaint Database recorded zero ...

Seeking Alpha
Highway Releases Freight Fraud Index Revealing 400,000 Sophisticated Fraud Attempts in Q1 2025. May 12, 2025 9:08 AM ET. ... and bad actors attempting to gain access to broker networks.


Middlesex District Attorney Marian Ryan and Bedford Chief of Police John Fisher have confirmed that Joshua Quimby, 35 of ...

The Bedford Citizen
Middlesex District Attorney Marian Ryan and Bedford Chief of Police John Fisher have confirmed that Joshua Quimby, 35 of ...


U.S. automakers worry that President Donald Trump's agreement to tariff Japanese vehicles at 15% would put them at a ...

Public Broadcasting Service (PBS)
U.S. automakers worry that President Donald Trump's agreement to tariff Japanese vehicles at 15% would put them at a ...


U.S. Health Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Junior celebrated Idaho’s recent legislative pushes to Make America Healthy Again and ...

Boise State Public Radio
U.S. Health Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Junior celebrated Idaho’s recent legislative pushes to Make America Healthy Again and ...


Indianapolis Public Schools will use a $10.5 million Lilly Endowment grant to expand literacy programs, including tutoring, ...

WFYI
Indianapolis Public Schools will use a $10.5 million Lilly Endowment grant to expand literacy programs, including tutoring, ...


Lyons’ departure means that both Canada and the United States do not have anyone in their antisemitism envoy roles. President ...

Jewish Telegraphic Agency
Lyons’ departure means that both Canada and the United States do not have anyone in their antisemitism envoy roles. President ...


U.S. Central Command is denying an American guided-missile destroyer violated Iranian waters, disputing claims in Iranian ...

USNI News
U.S. Central Command is denying an American guided-missile destroyer violated Iranian waters, disputing claims in Iranian ...


DRAKE & JOSH star Drake Bell revealed that he and co-star Josh Peck receive no residual money from their time on ...

Movieguide
DRAKE & JOSH star Drake Bell revealed that he and co-star Josh Peck receive no residual money from their time on ...


In the early hours of June 30 Patricia Rodriguez, a trailblazing Chicana muralist, artist, curator and educator, died in her ...

Mission Local
In the early hours of June 30 Patricia Rodriguez, a trailblazing Chicana muralist, artist, curator and educator, died in her ...


President Donald Trump has once again withdrawn the United States from UNESCO, accusing the U.N.’s science and cultural and ...


The Bengali film festival of Dallas returns with South Asian films, celebrity guests and a fashion show inspired by Bengali ...

KERA News
The Bengali film festival of Dallas returns with South Asian films, celebrity guests and a fashion show inspired by Bengali ...

Opinion
A hearfelt account of the wilding/rewilding direct action undertaken by the Wise Brothers. Originally appeared on the Revolt ...

libcom.org
A hearfelt account of the wilding/rewilding direct action undertaken by the Wise Brothers. Originally appeared on the Revolt ...

